- On expiring page, review inventory button not working
- when adding new item with demo mode on, ask user for confirmation to continue; notifying them that the demo mode items will be cleared once a new item is manually added; or should we allow them to:
  - continue adding and removing items in demo mode?
  - once an item is added in non-demo mode, demo mode is turned off and we must remove all those items added in live mode to go back demo mode. OR
- Should we allow the user to maintain two copies of data - live and demo? 



In the following his feedback. From resuming the app. I mean by trying to add multiple items into the app after shopping. You know, event after going shopping and bringing back the. The groceries home. First, we need the ability to manage categories. And I'm wondering if they should be. Manually entered or, I think it'll be great to have the flexibility for the user to have some built-in standard categories. Some of which are things like school snacks, snacks, poultry, but then also give them the ability to add any items that aren't part of the built in built in list. So you have built in items that remain constant. And then you may add additional items to the category list as the user sees fit. Also, these categories should be available through a searchable drop down list when trying to add or delete a. An item and we should be able to. They should be a button within the. Category drop down list that. Allows you to add a new category that's not part of the existing category. 


We should be able to add notes. To an item there should be in Notes field. When adding an item that is also maintained and the notes can contain you know things like. There was no expiry date when we were capturing this item. For now it will be text maybe. We should also have. An image list. That contains pictures of the item when it was bought. We should have an image list now at this point I don't know if images should be part of the pro tier or free tier, but let's just build it for now. Stuff like and being the naughty is. Yeah, like I said, there's no expiry date or expiry date was self estimated or it was bought at this store, things like that. 



When adding a new item, instead of winning to improve the user experience when it comes to choosing the date. We should be able to have them choose either. II drop down that says 7 days, 14 days, 21 days or have them just. Enter the deep immanually without having to fiddle with the calendar controls we need to improve that calendar. Experience when adding the item for the expiry date we have the UCL capture plan but it would be nice for them to just be able to click on the date field and they see either the ability to enter the field, enter the the dating easily fields or. Just choose the drop down that says, oh, this has been expired seven days from now so it's 3 days from now so we need to figure something out.


On the inventory page, it will be nice to have different views such as the. Like the way Windows Explorer works where you have a list of you. The current version we have shows things entire format, but it will be nice to also be able to list them as a table. With the details or. Have them as tiles in a great format. 


Also for items that don't have an explicit expiry date. We should be able to have take a picture of the product or of any information that shows that maybe an expiry date. We're not sure about our AI figure that out. This AI based inference should be something that. We may be putting the Pro tier, but let's build it for now. Let's add it as an as a feature and figure out where we're going to put it. 


Also very important, we need to be able to back up. The local the the the database locally to a file or to Google Drive the same way that maybe. Whatsapp or some apps work. We need. I would let's put that in the free tier So the scenario is, right now I have a list of items I've just captured from my recent shopping, and as the app progresses I want to be able to backup and restore that database without losing my data and just keep it going. So we need that feature. This is different from. Cloud synchronization that will allow a household to use. The system across many users in the same household, but this is just the ability to say I wanna back up my data into a file and also have it restored. Into a file. It could be something as simple as a Jason file that is usable in other systems. Let's let's actually make a open format. Jason sounds like a good idea. 



We need the ability to add custom storage locations. These locations and. By this I mean pantry, fridge, freezer. We should have some standard ones I can't believe, but the user may have. Multiple location by visa one freezer 2, freeze at 3. We should be able to allow them maintain that and be able to move this data and be able to back up all of these data and restore it too. For the local backup and for the cloud sake. 


Also for when we do some shopping, we need to be able to capture things that were shocked. At the same time, we need to be able to capture that batch of shopping and that batch of shopping includes the receipt. Whether we're doing the Sierra or not, we'll capture the receipt, we'll capture the the number of items. We capture a picture of all of the items with or without OCR. So that and the benefits of this is so that. At any point in time you can go back and review your shopping history and look at who I bought this for this day. This is blah blah blah. Where is the things like that? So we're gonna have a patch the item report in the batch whether the expiry items or not, such as toothpaste for example, doesn't expire, but you nice to just capture in that part. Yeah, and so that. We can also filter of the inventory page by patches. Here, let's explore this issue of patches more. 



We need to capture weight of an inventory item.


In case I will mention this already, we need OCR to most likely in the protest to read the package and just point it at the item. It reads it, you know and just extracts all the information you need. So this scenario I'm looking at is you hold your phone, you want to capture the item, but instead of having to manually type it in, you just point it out to the box. Or the item and. Depend on what it is, the OCR recognizes what it is. And extract all that information into the form for you and then you confirm. So if it's meat, it's this looks like chicken or beef or whatever and then it tells you what it is. You may choose to then add weights if it's not packaged. But if it's packaged the UCL should be able to read it and say 0 this is meat from Costco in a 1.3KILOGRAM pack and maybe it's a cost of space based on the people to read that to if it's not humanity. Things like that. So let's give up. 





In the quick search box, let's have an X to the right of the search box that when press just clears it out. Let's have a quick way to clear. So that way when I'm filtering as I'm filtering and I find what I wanna find, I can just press the X to clear the box and then do another search quickly. 


Regarding the batch information, I should be able to go back at any point in time and look at my shopping patches, look at the total costs, total weight, you know, look at the distribution of items. By maybe storage location? By type, by you know, category, things like that. 


The Mark As wasted dialog box should be wider and easier to navigate/see


Enhance demo mode items to include items expiring during different time horizons


Tab/Page headers : Color of Inventory (and other heards) against green background seems dull. Is there a way to enhance it?